README.md, before:

# Airline Capacity Analysis – ASK (Power BI)

This Power BI dashboard was developed as part of an airline Business Intelligence assessment.
It analyzes post-COVID capacity recovery using Available Seat Kilometers (ASK).

## Objective
- Compare pre-COVID and post-COVID airline capacity
- Understand recovery trends across airlines
- Analyze the impact of fleet type and route distance on ASK

## Tools Used
- Power BI
- DAX
- Data Modeling
- Data Visualization

## Key Insights
- Long-haul routes drive higher ASK recovery
- Wide-body aircraft contribute the largest share of capacity
- ASK recovery accelerates mainly in the last four months
- Airlines show different recovery strategies post-COVID

## About this Project
This project demonstrates my ability to translate aviation data into
actionable insights using Power BI dashboards.

## Dashboard Preview
<img width="1566" height="837" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5529782b-85a9-493b-8a47-022fa93b8299" />

<img width="1562" height="810" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8b8b7a17-c162-409f-bc1d-48f9b33695ff" />

Commit message:

Update README with dataset confidentiality note
Added a note about dataset confidentiality.

README.md, after:

# Airline Capacity Analysis – ASK (Power BI)
> ⚠️ Note: The dataset used in this project is **anonymized and manipulated** for confidentiality purposes.
This Power BI dashboard was developed as part of an airline Business Intelligence assessment.
It analyzes post-COVID capacity recovery using Available Seat Kilometers (ASK).

## Objective
- Compare pre-COVID and post-COVID airline capacity
- Understand recovery trends across airlines
- Analyze the impact of fleet type and route distance on ASK

## Tools Used
- Power BI
- DAX
- Data Modeling
- Data Visualization

## Key Insights
- Long-haul routes drive higher ASK recovery
- Wide-body aircraft contribute the largest share of capacity
- ASK recovery accelerates mainly in the last four months
- Airlines show different recovery strategies post-COVID

## About this Project
This project demonstrates my ability to translate aviation data into
actionable insights using Power BI dashboards.

## Dashboard Preview
<img width="1566" height="837" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5529782b-85a9-493b-8a47-022fa93b8299" />

<img width="1562" height="810" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8b8b7a17-c162-409f-bc1d-48f9b33695ff" />
